adding an option for a third party to attest binding between a DID and a domain. (#99)
decentralized-identity/jwt-vc-presentation-profile: spec/spec.md

```json
{
  "service": [
    {
      "id": "#hub",
      "type": "IdentityHub",
      "serviceEndpoint": "https://example.com/hub"
    }
  ]
}
```
:::

The following claims are defined for the Verified Domain JWT:

in the JOSE Header,
* `alg`: The cryptographic algorithm used to secure the JWT. See [RFC7515](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7515) for more information.
* `kid`: A hint indicating which key was used to secure the JWT. MUST be an abolute DID. See [RFC7515](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7515) for more information.
* `typ`: Media type of this complete JWT. MUST be of value `verified-domain+jwt`. See [RFC7515](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7515) for more information.

in the JWT body,
* `iss`: REQUIRED. The Issuer of the Verified Domain JWT. The value of `iss` MUST be a DID using a DID method defined by this profile.
* `iat`: REQUIRED. The time of issuance of the Verified Domain JWT. See [RFC7519](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519) for more information.
* `exp`: OPTIONAL. The expiry time of the Verified Domain JWT after which it is no longer valid. See [RFC7519](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519) for more information.

> * `type`: REQUIRED. The type of a JSON object that is secured by the JWT, as defined in [I-D.draft-terbu-oauth-sd-jwt-vc](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-terbu-sd-jwt-vc). MUST be of value `VerifiedDomain`.

Author: ```suggestion
* `type`: REQUIRED. The type of a JSON object that is secured by the JWT, as defined in [I-D.draft-terbu-oauth-sd-jwt-vc](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-terbu-sd-jwt-vc). MUST be of value `verified_domain`.
```
